error, which is called the validation error, right? We want this error to be as low as possible. In
order to achieve that, one of the techniques is we try to see how the model is performing. That is
the error. Performance is lower the error, better the performances. Now we try to adjust various
combinations of the hyper parameters of whichever ML model that we are dealing with. For example,
if we are dealing with say a random forest algorithm, the hyper parameter could be something
like the number of estimators and say the max depth, right? And could be other parameters also.
Likewise, if you use say support vector missions, it could be what kernel you are using, what kernel
you are using, what the value of the C parameters, things like that, right? So for a specific value
of these hyper parameters, the error might be lowest. This is what hyper parameter tuning is
all about. Now the process of hyper parameter tuning itself is done using the most common method is using
what is called the grid search. For example, you have two hyper parameters, hyper parameter one and